The Following Document is an investigation into Kibana and why there have been spikes in this monitoriting system. 
Use your knowledge and skills to answer the following quesitons:

Answer the following questions:

In the last 7 days, how many unique visitors were located in India?
248 Unique Visitors

In the last 24 hours, of the visitors from China, how many were using Mac OSX?
68

In the last 2 days, what percentage of visitors received 404 errors? How about 503 errors?
for 404 errors, 100% for almost 48 hours.  Same with 503 errors, 100% for almost 48 hours. 

In the last 7 days, what country produced the majority of the traffic on the website?
China with almost 20 percent.

Of the traffic that's coming from that country, what time of day had the highest amount of activity?
From China it's 1200-1400 hrs, and India it's the 1000 hr, and 1300 hr. 

--------

List all the types of downloaded files that have been identified for the last 7 days, along with a short description of each file type (use Google if you aren't sure about a particular file type).

Now that you have a feel for the data, Let's dive a bit deeper. Look at the chart that shows Unique Visitors Vs. Average Bytes.

Locate the time frame in the last 7 days with the most amount of bytes (activity).
In your own words, is there anything that seems potentially strange about this activity?
It's strange that it's such a huge amount of data with so few users.  This would be odd if it was only once, but three times. 8700, 8700 again, and again for three times the amount of time as the first two events, with the third event being all over 8500 bytes.  Seems like an attack. 

------

Filter the data by this event.

What is the timestamp for this event?
22-March between 1500-2130 hours.

What kind of file was downloaded?
I wasn't able to find out this information.

From what country did this activity originate?
I was not able to find out this information.

What HTTP response codes were encountered by this visitor?
I was not able to find out this information.

------

Switch to the Kibana Discover page to see more details about this activity.

What is the source IP address of this activity?
United States

What are the geo coordinates of this activity?
Alaska and continental US.

What OS was the source machine running?
OSX

What is the full URL that was accessed?
I was not able to find out this information.

From what website did the visitor's traffic originate?
I was not able to find out this information.

------

Finish your investigation with a short overview of your insights.

What do you think the user was doing?
Something Malicious, but I was not able to confirm that. 

Was the file they downloaded malicious? If not, what is the file used for?
I was not able to find out this information.

Is there anything that seems suspicious about this activity?
Yes, the high unique visitors vs average bytes during the nine hours on 22-March.

Is any of the traffic you inspected potentially outside of compliance guidelines?
I was not able to find out this information.

